all right today we have another early
morning quest it's not to go get coffee
I mean I just got groceries just the
other day and already we don't have
cereal so s-suckers people will
sometimes ask why I wear my watch upside
down two reasons I feel like I saw a
commander in an army movie do it once
and also can check your watch without
spilling your coffee
you too can tan
helling hands massage
become a drug dealer on the job training
provided
okay now there used to be just Cheerios
man the trio's multigrain cheerios dark
chocolate multigrain cheerios fruity
cheerios frosted cheerios chocolate
cherry cheerios protein cheerios and
ancient grain honey nut cheerios honey
nut cheerios medley crunch and apple
cinnamon cheerios with whole grain oats
seems like a lot of options and this is
all I want
yes historic scene and some ducks
bathing beautiful but what's this if we
pan out here is it the front grille of a
subaru outback if you liked this video
share it with your friends using the
inefficient and unreliable system of
human memory